Let me show you what else you can find in your workspace.
So I simply clicked onto my workspace at the moment and we can also close that if we want to
and as you can see right here, we have the same general topics - dashboards, reports, workbooks and data
sets.
Now this is organized slightly different
and the good thing is that we can now better see this actions area right here
and I want to show you some actions that you can do right here.
So if you look at the first option right here and you can always drag the mouse cursor above it to see what
you can do,
this is sharing.
Sharing is really important of course but we will talk about that in a few minutes.
The next options are the related reports or datasets,
we talked about that already
so you know what that is.
Then we have the settings,
we don't have to take a look at that right now
and we can delete the dashboard of course.
Let's click onto report now, right here.
In the report, you can analyze your data in Excel and we won't do that right now
and we have that, get insights, sounds interesting,
let's click that. Now
Power BI is searching for insights, sounds interesting, right?
So let's wait a few seconds
and now insights are ready.
Now let's click onto a few insights right here
and now we can see what happened.
Power BI automatically analyzed our dataset.
Now as we don't have a really big dataset,
the results are probably not really impressive.
Now let's go down,
well this population share, I don't know if that's an interesting fact but as you can see, the total population
is trending upwards for North America for instance.
So this is what we get right here.
This may not replace a total report created by you and that's why we will not focus on that right now
but the good thing is if you want to get those quick insights and quickly have some charts and some
description, some generic description to it,
this is a good feature. Now that we saw that,
let's go back to the workspace, right here
and we were in the report section right there.
So those were the quick insights,
here we have the related option again, the settings
and we can delete it,
so we know that. I will not take a look at the workbooks right now
as I said because this is more related to Excel.
So let's go to datasets
and here we have some new symbols, right?
Let's take a look at that, create report,
well we know how this works already right,
so we don't have to do it and we have that refresh now option.
We saw it in the report right
and it didn't work at all.
Now let's see what we can do right here.
We couldn't refresh because your data gateway is offline,
OK,
so we need a gateway obviously.
Let's see.
Let me close that first.
So we will talk about that menu later,
so for now we can go back to the workspace, click dataset section and here we have another symbol, schedule
refresh,
let's press that,
now we are back in the menu.
Now the main thing we can see right here is that our personal gateway is offline, of course because we
didn't install any kind of a gateway but we saw that gateway option, right?
You remember, up here in that menu here, we can download that data gateway.
Well why don't we just try it right now?
So let me click it right here,
a new page opens.
OK,
keep your dashboard and reports up-to-date,
this sounds good.
So let's press onto download gateway, now it's downloaded and we downloaded a file right here.
Now let's simply double-click that file and see what we can do.
So after double-clicking this gateway file, we are in the on premises data gateway installer.
Well this sounds interesting,
so let's press next right here and now we have to choose the type of gateway that we need.
Now it gets more complicated,
so before we select one of those options, I think we should take a closer look at what we're actually
doing right here and what the differences between those two gateways actually are.
Let's do that in the next video.